README.md, before:

# topaz
A "next-gen" mod bundling client-side in web, designed for wide compat and with no limits.

> **Warning** |
> Topaz is in **alpha**, you should not rely on it.

## Features
Core "new" features:
- Permissions / sandboxing system
- Works with a large range plugins/themes from various mods (see below)
- Install plugins/themes just via GitHub repo / URL
- Editing plugin/theme source in client
- Fully functional in web and desktop
- Hardened injection / anti-crash

<br>

## Mod Support
![#97ca00](https://via.placeholder.com/15/97ca00/97ca00.png) **Most**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Most popular ones work

![#dfb317](https://via.placeholder.com/15/dfb317/dfb317.png) **Some**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Some (>5) work, but not more complex ones

![#fe7d37](https://via.placeholder.com/15/fe7d37/fe7d37.png) **Initial**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A few (1-5) more basic ones work, but not most

![#e05d44](https://via.placeholder.com/15/e05d44/e05d44.png) **Unsupported**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Does not work at all


| Mod | Plugins | Themes |
| --- | ------- | ------ |
| Powercord | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) |
| BetterDiscord | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |
| GooseMod | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |  |
| Unbound | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/initial-orange?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/unsupported-red?style=for-the-badge) |
| Astra | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) |  |
| Velocity | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |
| Discord Re-envisioned | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |

<br>

## Usage
- Enable Topaz in Goosemod's Experimental settings (in Discord, open Settings > GooseMod > Experimental (scroll down and expand category)

<br>

### Testing

- Go to Topaz setting at top of your settings
- Try it out with recommended plugins/themes (or try random ones)
- Report bugs, have fun :)

Commit message:

readme: tweak features, add compat note

README.md, after:

# topaz
A "next-gen" mod bundling client-side in web, designed for wide compat and with no limits.

> **Warning** |
> Topaz is in **alpha**, you should not rely on it.

## Features
Core "new" features:
- Permissions / sandboxing system
- Works with a wide range plugins/themes from various mods (see below)
- Install plugins/themes just via GitHub repo / URL
- Editing plugin/theme source in client
- Fully functional in web and desktop
- Hardened injection / anti-crash
- Full built-in support
- Easy to use snippets for custom CSS/SCSS/JS/JSX/TS/TSX

<br>

## Mod Support
![#97ca00](https://via.placeholder.com/15/97ca00/97ca00.png) **Most**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Most popular ones work

![#dfb317](https://via.placeholder.com/15/dfb317/dfb317.png) **Some**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Some (>5) work, but not more complex ones

![#fe7d37](https://via.placeholder.com/15/fe7d37/fe7d37.png) **Initial**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A few (1-5) more basic ones work, but not most

![#e05d44](https://via.placeholder.com/15/e05d44/e05d44.png) **Unsupported**&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Does not work at all


| Mod | Plugins | Themes |
| --- | ------- | ------ |
| Powercord | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) |
| BetterDiscord | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |
| GooseMod | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |  |
| Unbound | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/initial-orange?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/unsupported-red?style=for-the-badge) |
| Astra | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/some-yellow?style=for-the-badge) |  |
| Velocity | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |
| Discord Re-envisioned | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/most-green?style=for-the-badge) |


> **Note** |
> Topaz does not directly have "compat" per se, instead each mod's APIs and formats are mostly reverse engineered from public plugins and made to work in web, with 0 Node/FS/etc.

<br>

## Usage
- Enable Topaz in Goosemod's Experimental settings (in Discord, open Settings > GooseMod > Experimental (scroll down and expand category)

<br>

### Testing

- Go to Topaz setting at top of your settings
- Try it out with recommended plugins/themes (or try random ones)
- Report bugs, have fun :)
